PR: Update Help pane documentation for Spyder 4 (#105)
spyder-ide/spyder-docs: doc/help.rst

Help
####

> You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods. This allows you to access documentation easily directly from Spyder not having to break your workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods.
This allows you to access documentation easily directly from Spyder, without having to interrupt your workflow.
```

Reviewer: Also fixed some grammar issues with the last sentence (I fixed them originally but somehow the suggestion got rejected, lost or overwritten).

|

.. image:: images/help/help-execution.gif
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder main window showing getting help for numpy arrays from editor

|

You can also access Spyder's tutorial from here, which will guide you through some basic steps for using its key features.

.. image:: images/help/help-tutorial.png
   :width: 500
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Help pane showing the link for the Spyder's tutorial

|

============
Getting help
============

> Help can be retrieved both by static analysis of open files in the :doc:`editor`, or by dynamically inspecting an object in an :doc:`ipythonconsole`. You can trigger help manually by pressing the configurable help shortcut (:kbd:`Ctrl-I` by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help can be retrieved both by static analysis of open files in the :doc:`editor`, or by dynamically inspecting an object in an :doc:`ipythonconsole`.
You can trigger help manually by pressing the configurable help shortcut (:kbd:`Ctrl-I` by default).
```

Reviewer: Added a line break per the style guide.

.. image:: images/help/help-command.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Editor and Help panes, with the latter displaying documentation for an object selected in the former.

|

You can also manually enter the object's name into the :guilabel:`Object` textbox at the top of the pane, if :guilabel:`Console` is selected as the :guilabel:`Source`.

.. image:: images/help/help-console.gif
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying documentation for an object whose name was written in the object text box

|

> Automatic help can be individually enabled for both the :guilabel:`Editor` and the :guilabel:`Console` under :menuselection:`Preferences --> Help --> Automatic Connections`, and turned on and off dynamically via the lock icon in the top right corner of the :guilabel:`Help` pane. If enabled, simply typing a left parenthesis (``(``) after a function or method name will show its associated help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic help can be individually enabled for both the :guilabel:`Editor` and the :guilabel:`Console` under :menuselection:`Preferences --> Help --> Automatic Connections`, and turned on and off dynamically via the lock icon in the top right corner of the :guilabel:`Help` pane.
If enabled, simply typing a left parenthesis (``(``) after a function or method name will show its associated help.
```

Reviewer: Added a line break per the style guide.

Help
####

You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods. You can also access Spyder's tutorial which will guide you through some basic steps for using Spyder.

.. image:: images/help/help_command.png

> 

Reviewer: Updated.

========================
How to get help
========================

Help can be retrieved both by static analysis of open files in the :doc:`editor`, or by dynamically inspecting an object in an :doc:`ipythonconsole`.
You can trigger help by pressing the configurable help shortcut (:kbd:`Ctrl-I` by default), or even automatically if desired when on typing a left parenthesis (``(``) after a function or method name.

> .. image:: images/help/help_command.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You repeated the same image twice

You can also manually enter the object's name into the :guilabel:`Object` box, in the top of the panel. For this you have to make sure that the option Console is selected in the Source options dropdown.

.. image:: images/help/help_object_box.png

Automatic help can be individually enabled for both the :guilabel:`Editor` and the :guilabel:`Console` under :menuselection:`Preferences --> Help --> Automatic Connections`, and turned on and off dynamically via the :guilabel:`lock` icon in the top right corner of the :guilabel:`Help` pane.

========================
Understanding help modes
========================

You can use the options menu (:guilabel:`Gear` icon) in the top right of the :guilabel:`Help` pane to toggle the help display mode.

> .. image:: images/help/help_options_menu.png

Author: I will update the screenshots and add this in the next commit

Help
####

You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods. This allows you to access documentation easily directly from Spyder not having to break your workflow.

|

> <div style="width:100%;height:0;padding-bottom:56%;position:relative;"><iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/ghTnHFBPVB5P5kqEYz" width="100%" height="100%" style="position:absolute" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe></div><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/ghTnHFBPVB5P5kqEYz">via GIPHY</a></p>

Reviewer 2: @juanis2112, you can't introduce html directly into Rest (contrary to Markdown). For this to work, you need to use the `raw` directive, as explained [here](https://groups.google.com/d/msg/sphinx-users/d6gg86LnItY/YZHQx_eXBmoJ).

|

You can also access Spyder's tutorial from here, which will guide you through some basic steps for using its key features.

.. image:: images/help/help-tutorial.png
   :alt: Spyder Help pane showing the link for the Spyder's tutorial

|

============
Getting help
============

Help can be retrieved both by static analysis of open files in the :doc:`editor`, or by dynamically inspecting an object in an :doc:`ipythonconsole`.
You can trigger help manually by pressing the configurable help shortcut (:kbd:`Ctrl-I` by default), or automatically if enabled when typing a left parenthesis (``(``) after a function or method name.

.. image:: images/help/help-command.png
   :alt: Spyder Editor and Help panes, with the latter displaying documentation for an object selected in the former.

|

You can also manually enter the object's name into the :guilabel:`Object` textbox at the top of the pane, if :guilabel:`Console` is selected as the :guilabel:`Source`.

> .. image:: images/help/help-object-box.png

Reviewer: It really isn't clear how this illustrates its presumed subject, since the cursor isn't even in the box. If you're going to use this, the cursor should actually be in the box and there show be arrows/circles around the source menu and object text field to clearly indicate this.

Reviewer: The GIF currently used as the hero would be a prefect replacement for this image and address all of my concerns much better than just statically annotating it.

   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying documentation for an object whose name was written in the object text box

|

> Automatic help can be individually enabled for both the :guilabel:`Editor` and the :guilabel:`Console` under :menuselection:`Preferences --> Help --> Automatic Connections`, and turned on and off dynamically via the :guilabel:`lock` icon in the top right corner of the :guilabel:`Help` pane.

Reviewer: This would be really nice to have a GIF of

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

========================
Understanding help modes
========================

You can use the options menu (:guilabel:`Gear` icon) in the top right of the :guilabel:`Help` pane to toggle the help display mode.

> .. image:: images/help/help-options-menu.png

Reviewer: This should show it over some real help documentation since the options are disabled in your screenshot, and it would also look better besides and not draw so much attention to the bright blue message.

Reviewer: Actually, I think its pointless to include this at all since the gif showing you switching modes is a superset of what this shows.

   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying the options menu

|

:guilabel:`Rich Text` mode renders the object's docstrings with ``Sphinx``, :guilabel:`Plain Text` mode displays the docstring without formatting while :guilabel:`Show Source` displays the docstring inline with the code for the selected object, or any Python portion of it (if the object is not pure Python). The latter can be useful when docstrings are not available or insufficient to document the object.

> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. raw:: html

> 	<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/cOEYQdiZCqtEpb2CsQ" width="480" height="270" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/cOEYQdiZCqtEpb2CsQ">via GIPHY</a></p>

Reviewer: This looks okay, its just kinda small but any bigger and it'll just look worse due to the small source size. It needs to be centered like you said you would and I removed the unnecessary space and text below it.

Help
####

You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods. This allows you to access documentation easily directly from Spyder not having to break your workflow.

|

.. raw:: html

> 	<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/H1quFSJ3LSwmVwvIhU" width="480" height="300" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/H1quFSJ3LSwmVwvIhU">via GIPHY</a></p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/H1quFSJ3LSwmVwvIhU" width="480" height="300" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe>
```

I don't feel this works well as the hero as opposed to a GIF (or even static image) showing a help pane and an editor (or even console) side by side and showing getting help on an object, as the latter is a far more common use case than typing it directly into the pane, and users will be very frustrated if they try to type it in and it doesn't work by default since you haven't explained that yet. Instead, this GIF is far better used to replace the rather pointless static image `images/help/help-object-box.png` currently used below to describe this as I mention there.

This again needs all the formatting and fixes as the previous that I reviewed before you added this. Also, again, please be careful not to inject spurious tabs into these files, which can only cause problems. Your editor/IDE should be set accordingly.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can also access Spyder's tutorial from here, which will guide you through some basic steps for using its key features.

.. image:: images/help/help-tutorial.png
   :width: 600
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Help pane showing the link for the Spyder's tutorial

> |

Reviewer: As mentioned before this is information sparse enough that if it should still be included, it should be half-width, right-aligned (or left if you really want to switch everything, but I had some reason for preferring right) if we include it at all, and with text flowing around it like images elsewhere of that size in the style guide.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

========================
Understanding help modes
========================

You can use the options menu (:guilabel:`Gear` icon) in the top right of the :guilabel:`Help` pane to toggle the help display mode.

.. image:: images/help/help-options-menu.png
   :width: 600
   :align: center
   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying the options menu

|

:guilabel:`Rich Text` mode renders the object's docstrings with ``Sphinx``, :guilabel:`Plain Text` mode displays the docstring without formatting while :guilabel:`Show Source` displays the docstring inline with the code for the selected object, or any Python portion of it (if the object is not pure Python). The latter can be useful when docstrings are not available or insufficient to document the object.

|

.. raw:: html

	<iframe src="https://giphy.com/embed/cOEYQdiZCqtEpb2CsQ" width="480" height="270" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe><p><a href="https://giphy.com/gifs/cOEYQdiZCqtEpb2CsQ">via GIPHY</a></p>

|

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

========================
Getting help by hovering
========================

You can also get summary help for objects by hovering over them in the :guilabel:`Editor`.
Clicking the hover popup will open the full documentation in the :guilabel:`Help` pane.

.. image:: images/help/help-hover.png
   :width: 600
   :align: center

>    :alt: Editor pane showing help of an object from hover 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Editor pane showing help of an object from hover
```

Fixed extra trailing space. Always remember to clean up trailing spaces, either automatically or manually, to avoid extra diff clutter, inefficiency and unintended spaces.

|

========================
Control automatic import
========================

When you get help in the :guilabel:`IPython Console` for an object that has not been previously imported, it is automatically loaded in the :doc:`internalconsole` so that documentation can be shown when available.
This can be disabled in the :guilabel:`Help` pane's top-right options menu so that only documentation from imported objects is displayed.

> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This was left over from removing an image. When moving or removing images, remember to also take care of any related markeup and line breaks as the current doc is littered with these issues I've had to suggest fixes for.

####

You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods.
You can also access Spyder's tutorial from here, which will guide you through some basic steps for using its key features.

.. image:: images/help/help_command.png
   :alt: Spyder Editor and Help panes, with the latter displaying documentation for an object selected in the former.

|

> ================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
============
```

> How to get help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting help
```

> ================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
============
```

####

You can use the **Help** pane to find, render and display rich documentation for any object with a docstring, including modules, classes, functions and methods.
You can also access Spyder's tutorial from here, which will guide you through some basic steps for using its key features.

.. image:: images/help/help_command.png
   :alt: Spyder Editor and Help panes, with the latter displaying documentation for an object selected in the former.

|

============
Getting help
============

Help can be retrieved both by static analysis of open files in the :doc:`editor`, or by dynamically inspecting an object in an :doc:`ipythonconsole`.
You can trigger help manually by pressing the configurable help shortcut (:kbd:`Ctrl-I` by default), or automatically if enabled when typing a left parenthesis (``(``) after a function or method name.

You can also manually enter the object's name into the :guilabel:`Object` textbox at the top of the pane, if :guilabel:`Console` is selected as the :guilabel:`Source`.

.. image:: images/help/help_object_box.png

> :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying documentation for an object whose name was written in the object text box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying documentation for an object whose name was written in the object text box
```

|

Automatic help can be individually enabled for both the :guilabel:`Editor` and the :guilabel:`Console` under :menuselection:`Preferences --> Help --> Automatic Connections`, and turned on and off dynamically via the :guilabel:`lock` icon in the top right corner of the :guilabel:`Help` pane.

========================
Understanding help modes
========================

You can use the options menu (:guilabel:`Gear` icon) in the top right of the :guilabel:`Help` pane to toggle the help display mode.

.. image:: images/help/help_options_menu.png

> :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying the options menu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying the options menu
```

|

:guilabel:`Rich Text` mode renders the object's docstrings with ``Sphinx``:

.. image:: images/help/help_standard.png
   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying rich text docs for the DataFrame class

|

:guilabel:`Plain Text` mode displays the docstring without formatting:

.. image:: images/help/help_plain.png
   :alt: Spyder Help pane, displaying plain text docs for the DataFrame class

|

:guilabel:`Show Source` displays the docstring inline with the code for the selected object, or any Python portion of it (if the object is not pure Python).
This can be useful when docstrings are not available or insufficient to document the object:

.. image:: images/help/help_source_code.png
   :alt: Help pane showing part of the docstring and source code for DataFrame

|

========================
Getting help by hovering
========================

You can also get summary help for objects by hovering over them in the :guilabel:`Editor`.
Clicking the hover popup will open the full documentation in the :guilabel:`Help` pane.

.. image:: images/help/help_hover.png

> :alt: Editor pane showing help of an object from hover 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Editor pane showing help of an object from hover 
```

Author: You're right, Ill fix it now!

|

> .. image:: images/help/help-execution.gif

Reviewer 2: @juanis2112, I think this screenshot is pretty good but it has one problem: you didn't use Spyder 4.1 to film it because it's not showing the message "Retrieving documentation" that we show now.

|

===========================
Getting help through hovers
===========================

> You can also get help from objects through hovers, which are shown over any method, function or class when placing the cursor on top of it. Clicking the hover will open the information of the object in the Help panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also get summary help for objects by hovering over them in the :guilabel:`Editor`.
Clicking the hover popup will open the full documentation in the :guilabel:`Help` pane.
```

* Fix grammar
* Remove a lot of redundancy/repetition
* Improve clarity
* Correct formatting per reST standards and style guide
* Use appropriate terminology (pane vs. panel)

> .. image:: images/help/help_hover.png

Reviewer: Alt text

|

> 

Reviewer: Again this is not fixed, I'm not sure why this was marked as resolved.

> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=======================
```

Match below change

> Deactivate automatic import

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control automatic import
```

Make it more general

> ===========================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=======================
```

ibid

> When you get help in the IPython console from an object that has not been previously imported, the object is automatically imported in the internal console so that documentation can be shown when available. This can be disabled in the options menu in the Help panel so that only documentation from imported objects is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you get help in the :guilabel:`IPython Console` for an object that has not been previously imported, it is automatically loaded in the :doc:`internalconsole` so that documentation can be shown when available.
This can be disabled in the :guilabel:`Help` pane's top-right options menu so that only documentation from imported objects is displayed.
```

* Correct/add a large amount of required formatting
* Avoid repetition
* Fix grammar/phrasing
* Improve clarity
* Consistent terminology (panel/pane)

|

> 

Reviewer: Superseded.

|

> =======================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
========================
```

My bad

Getting help by hovering

> =======================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
========================
```

I CAM't count, sorry.

You can also get summary help for objects by hovering over them in the :guilabel:`Editor`.
Clicking the hover popup will open the full documentation in the :guilabel:`Help` pane.

.. image:: images/help/help_hover.png

|

=======================
Control automatic import

> =======================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
========================
```

> You can use the options menu (:guilabel:`Gear` icon) in the top right of the :guilabel:`Help` pane to toggle the help display mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the options menu (:guilabel:`Hamburger` icon) in the top right of the :guilabel:`Help` pane to toggle the help display mode.
```

This is out of date with Spyder 4.

> :guilabel:`Rich Text` mode renders the object's docstrings with ``Sphinx``, :guilabel:`Plain Text` mode displays the docstring without formatting while :guilabel:`Show Source` displays the docstring inline with the code for the selected object, or any Python portion of it (if the object is not pure Python). The latter can be useful when docstrings are not available or insufficient to document the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Rich Text` mode renders the object's docstrings with ``Sphinx``, :guilabel:`Plain Text` mode displays the docstring without formatting while :guilabel:`Show Source` displays the docstring inline with the code for the selected object, or any Python portion of it (if the object is not pure Python).
The latter can be useful when docstrings are not available or insufficient to document the object.
```

Reviewer: Added a line break per the style guide.
